README.md, before:

# portfolio_data_science
Name: Olaf Bolleurs  <br />
Studentnumber: 18115853 <br />
Course: Applied Data Science Minor<br />
Lecturers: Jeroen Vuurens, Tony Andrioli, Ruud Vermeij

## DataCamp
<details> <summary>Evidence of completing DataCamp</summary>

![Images](/Evidence/datacamp_proof.png)
![Images](/Evidence/datacamp_proof_2.png)
</details>

## Resaerch project Dialogue detection

### Task definition

### Evaluation

### Conclusions

### Planning

## Predictive analysis

### Selecting a Model

### Configuring a Model

### Training a Model

### Evaluating a Model

### Visualizing the outcome of a Model

## Domain knowledge

### Introduction of the subject field

### Literature research

### Explanation of Terminology, jargon and definition

## Data preprocessing

### Data exploration

### Data cleansing

### Data preparation

### Data explanation

### Data visualization

## Communication

### Presentations

### Writing paper

## Reflection and Evaluation 

### Reflection on contriubtion to the project

### Reflection on own learning objectives

### Evaluation on the group project

Commit message:

added some text in task definition chapter

README.md, after:

# Portfolio Minor Applied Data Science THUAS
Name: Olaf Bolleurs  <br />
Studentnumber: 18115853 <br />
Course: Applied Data Science Minor <br />
Lecturers: Jeroen Vuurens, Tony Andrioli, Ruud Vermeij

## DataCamp
The DataCamp courses where very informative, I learnd a lot form the courses. Before this minor i had a bit of Python programming experience but it was still nice to do all the courses from DataCamp. Below the evidence of completing all the DataCamp courses can be found.
<details> <summary>Evidence of completing DataCamp</summary>

![Images](/Evidence/datacamp_proof.png)
![Images](/Evidence/datacamp_proof_2.png)
</details>

## Research project Dialogue detection
Besides the DataCamp courses and the lectures there was also a project to work on during this minor. The project i worked on was form the Smart Teddy project of THUAS. The goal of the project was to detect dialogues so that it can be used as a quality of life indicator for dementia patients. In the Task definiton a more extensive explanation will be given about reason and context of the project. 

### Task definition
The problem owner of the project is the Smart Teddy project of THUAS. The Smart Teddy project aims to give insights for healt professionals in people with early stage dementia. This is done by putting sensors in a Teddy Bear so it becomes "Smart". With these sensor data, Data Science techniques can be applied to make Quality of life indicators. These indicators could be eating patterns, emotions or in our case social interaction. 

### Evaluation

### Conclusions

### Planning

## Predictive analysis

### Selecting a Model

### Configuring a Model

### Training a Model

### Evaluating a Model

### Visualizing the outcome of a Model

## Domain knowledge

### Introduction of the subject field

### Literature research

### Explanation of Terminology, jargon and definition

## Data preprocessing

### Data exploration

### Data cleansing

### Data preparation

### Data explanation

### Data visualization

## Communication

### Presentations

### Writing paper

## Reflection and Evaluation 

### Reflection on contriubtion to the project

### Reflection on own learning objectives

### Evaluation on the group project
